key action #1: Process Meeting Note from 06-13. This may have long lasting effects.

overall the meeting was like this:
I went over many papers that I found interesting over the past few weeks of digests with my professor. After reviewing many of them, he came to the conclusion that the research in the VLA space is digressing. It consists of taking incremental updates/already known methods, and just chucking them into the "cloud", not making very novel contributions, just heavily optimizing for some metric, or making a new one and optimizing for it.
He then wanted to take a step back, and explain what his lab does, and what he thinks might help me create some novel contribution. His lab is basically two main groups, the computer vision people (this includes me, working mainly on questions relating to where/when to look next, gaze prediction, and applications of that), and the neuroscience portion. He knows I already know a lot about the CV portion, so he did a quick recap on what the neuroscience portion of the lab works on. This is familarity effects, and applications of the V4 topoligical mapping that some other members of his lab did. Now, he gave some resources to look at, as well as pointed me to his [page](https://www.cnbc.cmu.edu/~tai/), where some of the most recently published papers deal with this topological map. 

My main reaction from this is that he definitely has a point, I need to lean into the neuroscience topics he is an expert in and his lab is an expert in, however, I'm not sure if familiarity effects and the other topics he's currently looking into is really the right method for my goal for this project. 

Take a look at the resources on the meeting notes page and his personal page, and see what you think. I want to have deep conversation about this with you, and I don't want to do anything else first.

If we need to heavily restructure our roadmap, experiemnt plans, goals, daily note queries, etc, I'm open to doing all of that, but I also don't want to undo the progresss of my project so far. 

Also, this is something that I will probably spend the greater part of 2-3 weeks researching, so no real conclusion needs to be made today, just a sort of action-able "plan" on how I hsould consider what my professor has said.


further thoughts:
overall *INTEGRATION* Ideas:
1. use v4 paper conclusions and analyses to motivate/theorize prior for selection
	1. most similar to what I was already going to do
2. use 'Dispersity measure' and other methods from v4 papers to actually craft the prior
	1. might be reach
3. connect familiarty effects and iterative selection module
	1. probably definitely a reach

plan:
1. make permanent edits so that these are tasks I need to do this upcoming weeks
	1. make sure the paper notes have the right questions asked, that i can answer after I deep read
	2. what papers even should I read?
2. synthesis note + upgrading claims and concept notes with specific grounding and experiments

I don't like my current daily-query though. it has WAY TOO FUCKING MANY PAPERS that are random incremental updates that just bore me to fucking death.

I want you to 1) list the resources, I'll get hte citekeys add them to reading notes and also add them as checkboxes in the meeting notes so that itll show up in live and its something i need to do. 

I also wnat you to when Ive created the paper notes to update them with the right very general and broad but pointed questions.

I want you to help me brainstorm how to update the daily note.